>> Scott Moss: All right, so
if I run a test for that.
>> Speaker 2: So
imagine product had notes on it, and for
each note they had a created by.
So that would no longer be true.
>> Scott Moss: If product had notes on it,
like a field called notes?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
that took maybe an object of note that had
a string of the note, and
then usually that created it.
The only reason that you can assume
product right there is product is just
because that's all you have
in the model right now.
But the model could get more complicated
where created by is more than just,
would take more than just a product.
Or not?
>> Scott Moss: No, in this case,
even if we have more it's
always gonna be a product.
And that's because we're adding
this field to the product type.
So that means this field is only ever
gonna be ran when someone asks to created
by field on a product.
Which means before this
field even executes,
this has to be executed at
some point first, right?
Cuz how else would they have asked for it?
You couldn't ask for a product type unless
you ran a query that had something to do
with the product, either directly by
writing a query that returns a product or
indirectly by writing a query or
mutation that returned a type
that referenced a product.
And even then,
it still would get resolved.
So what I'm saying is there's just no
way that this created by field would
even be triggered unless the product
was already resolved first.
See what I mean?
And the product's already resolved,
then whoever returned it.
I mean, I guess technically
you could be a jerk and
just return a blank object
here in one of these queries.
And this would just be a blank object.
But the object still represents a product
even though it's a blank object.
Mark.
>> Speaker 3: Is there a way to write
a resolver that is triggered when an error
occurs to delegate to another resolver?
>> Scott Moss: Is there a way to write a
resolver that triggers when error returns?
No, you can't write resolvers to
trigger when an error returns.
But you can write an error
formatter inside the ApolloServer.
You can come down here.
I got so many things open,
let me close some of this stuff.
You can come into the server, and
they should have a formatError function
here that is a function that you can run.
And so, whenever an error happens on your
server, you can grab that error as a first
argument, and
you can do whatever you want with it.
So you can format it, you can change it,
you can send it off to
your error reporting.
You do whatever you want.
This function's gonna
be called every single
time there's an error on your server.
But you can't write a resolver for
it as far as errors go, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: On this resolver that we
just did, this created by and product.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: There also
could be the three other parameters,
right?
>> Scott Moss: Of course.
>> Speaker 2: You could-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
they're still there,
I'm just not using them, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: But they could be there?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so for instance,
let's say I went down to right here.
Where's created by?
Right here.
So if I add a arcs here,
like I don't know, ID or something like
that, yeah, that would show up here.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: Right, so yeah.
But again, I can't think of any good
example of putting arguments on a field
other than if that field had an array.
I just can't think of a good one.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I did have a question.
>> Scott Moss: What's up, David?
>> Speaker 2: So in the first lesson,
we wrote the, what is called, the schema?
So where is the schema
coming from here now?
>> Scott Moss: This is
still the same schema.
I'm still using the exact same schema.
You wrote the scheme.
If you checked out, yeah, it's still here.
It's just my solution of it.
But it's pretty much
the same thing that you did.
It's the exact same thing,
I didn't really change it.
I might have made one or two changes,
but it's the same thing.
And that's what the test is looking at.
If you look at the test, what I'm actually
doing is, as far as the resolvers go,
the resolvers don't even
know about the schema.
I'm just running the resolvers
purely as far as the test goes,
if i go look at product
resolvers dot spec.
I'm just running them purely.
I just literally grab the functions and
I run them right here.
>> Speaker 2: I was looking
in server.js and the schema.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
if you go look in server.js,
the schema you created is right here.
Types, product.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I'm sorry.
The schema that you created is gonna
be loaded up by this loads type schema.
So this loadTypeSchema takes in a name of
a schema, like product, coupon, or user.
And it reads it from the file system which
is asynchronous, grabs it as a string,
merges them all together as one big
schema, and then passes it to Apollo.
So you can see, I'm doing that right here.
So I'm taking out an array of schema
names, so product, coupon, user.
I'm looping over them.
I'm loading them individually,
which just gives me strings.
And then,
I save them to this variable here.
I just spread them across this array.
Yeah, so I'm adding them all here combined
with the root schema, which is this.
So that's where your schema is,
it's in here.
Yeah, good question.
>> Speaker 2: I have one question,
and that is on the update product.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Why doesn't args.input get
spread whereas in create it gets spread?
>> Scott Moss: It's a good question.
So the reason it get spread in
create is because just in case, one,
there's two reasons.
One, is simplicity.
It's easier for me to write it that way.
Two, I want to override or
create a possible created by
property here to be what this is.
Cuz that's what this does.
The way spread works is whatever's
on the right is gonna take
precedence over what's on the left.
So if there was a created
by property here,
it's gonna be overridden
by whatever I've put here.
So that's that.
Down here, in update,
I don't need to do that.
I don't need to add an extra
argument that's not there.
I'm literally just gonna take exactly
what's there and input and add it.
Up here, I had to because I know for sure,
if we go look at new products, let me see.
>> Scott Moss: If we go look at new
products in the GraphQL new product input,
there is no created by here.
So I have to add created by.
And if I don't do a spread, the only way
I can do it is if I maybe try to mutate
args.input.createdBy equals,
and that's just gross.
I don't wanna mutate the argument,
so I just made a new object.